## 0.2.0 (Unreleased)

ENHANCEMENTS:
* Added the Terrform Import feature, which can be used to import data from UltraDNS.
* Added additional Unit Testcases for existing resources.
* Unit Testcase coverage is now at 80% for this project.
* Compatibility with latest [ultradns-sdk-go](https://github.com/ultradns/ultradns-sdk-go) plugin.
* Enhanced ".travis.yml" to enable additional code coverage.
* Updated "README" file to reflect current changes.
* Updated "GNUMake" file to enable additional code coverage and testing.
* Enhanced acceptance test case in resource dirpool to support DirPoolProfile DTO.
* Enhanced acceptance test cases in all the resources by making domain and baseurl fields dynamic in acceptance test cases.

NOTES:
* The terraform state generated by a previous version of the ultradns plugin is compatible with the newest version of the plugin. However, the terraform state file that is generated by a new version of the ultradns plugin is not compatible with the old plugin.
Please make sure to create the backup of the terraform state file that is created by the previous version.

* RDpool, TCpool, and Dirpool terraform resources only support the usage of "A" type records.

## 0.1.1 (Unreleased)

ENHANCEMENTS:
* Upgrade to Terraform 0.12. There should be no breaking changes from a practitioner's perspective.

BUG FIXES:
* resource/ultradns_tcpool: Removed unsupported key `availableToServe`.
* resource/ultradns_probe_ping: Resolved compatibility errors for the specified resource. 
* resource/ultradns_probe_http: Resolved compatibility errors for the specified resource.

## 0.1.0 (June 21, 2017)

NOTES:

* Same functionality as that of Terraform 0.9.8. Repacked as part of [Provider Splitout](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/upcoming-provider-changes-in-terraform-0-10/)
